Allow COPY FROM to skip lines (#13231)
crate/crate: docs/sql/statements/copy-from.rst

will always take place and the parameter is ignored.

> .. _sql-copy-from-skip:

Reviewer: minor: change entry

will always take place and the parameter is ignored.

.. _sql-copy-from-skip:

``skip``
''''''''

Default: ``0``

Setting this option to ``n`` skips the first ``n`` rows while copying.

.. NOTE::

>     If this option occurs to skip ``CSV`` headers,
>     :ref:`header <sql-copy-from-header>` must be set to ``false``.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    CrateDB by default expects a header in CSV files. If you're using the SKIP
    option to skip the header, you have to set ``header = false`` as well. See
    :ref:`header <sql-copy-from-header>`.
```
